DP-64: Add meta descriptions to each page in the operation guide. (#6340)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/performance-data-collection/shell/collectd-schedule.adoc

[[ga-performance-mgmt-schedule-shell]]

= Collectd Schedule

> :description: opennms:pollerd-schedule Karaf Shell command to output details of the Collectd scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Overview of Karaf shell commands in OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian to help administer and diagnose issues related to performance data collection scheduling.
```
